[feat] Hand roll a policy checker for our repo (#991)
WorldHealthOrganization/app: .github/workflows/policy-ignored-lines.txt

> # Add one entry per lines of hash of line to ignore in policy checks.

Reviewer: This could be formulated a bit clearer

> # Add one entry per lines of hash of line to ignore in policy checks.

Author: ```suggestion
# Add one entry per line.  Each entry is a hash of a filename and source code content.
```

> 5efe25bb437d2182f96ba6c89e850cae3287d8e08e4c3655c53870f87a067c96

Reviewer 2: This is a bit of a nit and not sure if there's a great way to enforce this, but as a code reviewer, it's a little tough to tell which new line is being ignored. As a reviewer, I'd want to give the ignored line a quick look as a sanity check. Would it be too much overhead to force the author to include the unhashed filename and line (or line number) here?

Author: The line number is not considered in the hash as lines will move around.  I will force the filename to be added though.
